Document PGO in devguide (#1153)
python/devguide: getting-started/setup-building.rst

still build properly).

Optimization
''''''''''''

> To get an optimized build of Python, ``configure --enable-optimizations --with-lto``. This sets the default make targets up to enable Profile Guided Optimization (PGO) and may be used to auto-enable Link Time Optimization (LTO) on some platforms. Note that configuration including this option takes time to configure. If you want to learn more about these options, please  see `Configure > Performance options <https://docs.python.org/3/using/configure.html?highlight=lto#performance-options>`_ ::

Reviewer: We can use intersphinx here, e.g. `` :ref:`performance options <python:performance options>` ``.

Also, we should use an explicit code block with the [``console`` highlighter](https://pygments.org/docs/lexers/#pygments.lexers.shell.BashSessionLexer), e.g.:

```restructuredtext
.. code:: console

   $ ./configure --enable-optimizations --with-lto
```

still build properly).

Optimization
''''''''''''

> If you are trying to improve the performance of Python, you will probably want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are trying to improve CPython's performance, you will probably want
```

to use an optimized build of CPython. It can take a lot longer to build CPython
with optimizations enabled, and it's usually not necessary to do so. However,
it's essential if you want accurate benchmark results for a proposed performance
optimization. To get an optimized build of Python,
``configure --enable-optimizations --with-lto``.
This sets the default make targets up to enable Profile Guided Optimization(PGO)
and may be used to auto-enable Link Time Optimization (LTO) on some platforms.

> If you want to learn more about these options,
> please  see :ref:`Configure options <python:configure-options>`.

Reviewer 2: Slightly more concise, and just as polite:

```suggestion
See :ref:`Configure options <python:configure-options>` to learn more about
these options.
```

Reviewer: Untested, but you may be able to directly link to the performance options section:

```suggestion
See :ref:`Configure options <python:performance options>` to learn more about
these options.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like Adam's suggestion here is causing the build to fail, so I'm changing it back to

```
:ref:`Configure options <python:configure-options>`
```

Reviewer: Thanks Alex!

Optimization
''''''''''''

If you are trying to improve CPython's performance, you will probably want
to use an optimized build of CPython. It can take a lot longer to build CPython
with optimizations enabled, and it's usually not necessary to do so. However,
it's essential if you want accurate benchmark results for a proposed performance
optimization.

For an optimized build of Python, use
``configure --enable-optimizations --with-lto``.
This sets the default make targets up to enable Profile Guided Optimization (PGO)
and may be used to auto-enable Link Time Optimization (LTO) on some platforms.

> See :option:`python:--enable-optimizations`, :option:`python:--with-lto` to learn more about
> these options.

Reviewer: To keep the line length shorter and a small grammar suggestion:
```suggestion
See :option:`python:--enable-optimizations` and :option:`python:--with-lto`
to learn more about these options.
```
